feat(source-google-ads): Upgrade Google Ads API v20 → v23 (AI-Triage PR) (#73722)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/google-ads-migrations.md

### Primary key change for bidding strategy streams

The `bidding_strategy.id` field is nullable in the Google Ads API, meaning it can return `null` values. Including a nullable field in the primary key caused sync failures for destinations that enforce non-null primary key constraints, such as the Iceberg destination.

| Stream | Old primary key | New primary key |
|---|---|---|
| `campaign_bidding_strategy` | `campaign.id`, `bidding_strategy.id`, `segments.date` | `campaign.id`, `segments.date` |
| `ad_group_bidding_strategy` | `ad_group.id`, `bidding_strategy.id`, `segments.date` | `ad_group.id`, `segments.date` |

Users syncing the `campaign_bidding_strategy` or `ad_group_bidding_strategy` streams are affected.

### Action required

Users should:

- Refresh the source schema
- Reset affected streams after upgrading to ensure uninterrupted syncs.

### Refresh affected schemas and reset data

1. Select **Connections** in the main navbar.
   1. Select the connection(s) affected by the update.
2. Select the **Replication** tab.
   1. Select **Refresh source schema**.

>    2. Select **OK**.

Reviewer: old wording, e.g replication tab is a schema tab now

import MigrationGuide from '@site/static/_migration_guides_upgrade_guide.md';

# Google Ads Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 5.0.0

This release combines two breaking changes:

> 1. The Google Ads API is upgraded from Version 20 to Version 23.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The Google Ads API is upgraded from Version 20 to Version 23 (see key changes below).
```

> 2. The nullable `bidding_strategy.id` field is removed from the primary keys of the `campaign_bidding_strategy` and `ad_group_bidding_strategy` streams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The nullable `bidding_strategy.id` field is removed from primary keys.  See table below for new primary keys.  
```
